Updated usage section in readme (#106)
actions/upload-pages-artifact: README.md

## Usage

See [action.yml](action.yml) for the various `inputs` this action supports (or [below](#inputs-📥)).

> We recommend this action to be used in the build job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you breakdown your workflow in two jobs (`build` and `deploy`), we recommend this action to be used in your `build` job:
```
